README.md, before:

Inventory management tool
=========================
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/mbertschler/inventory?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/mbertschler/inventory)
![status: alpha](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-alpha-red.svg)
[![GoDoc](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/mbertschler/inventory)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/mbertschler/inventory)

This tool was designed to simplify the production of electronic hardware. It is used for cataloging newly bought parts and for checking out parts that are used. This tool is already successfully in use, but should still be considered alpha.

Features
--------

- Mobile optimized web app
- Scans QR part codes with your phone for a quick workflow
  - create new items
  - look up part infos
  - check out parts
- Filter through your parts catalog
- Stores data in a single database file with [bbolt](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt)

Screenshots
-----------

<img alt="inventory overview" src="https://mbertschler.com/github/inventory/overview.png" width="480"/><img alt="part detail" src="https://mbertschler.com/github/inventory/detail.png" width="380"/>

Getting Started
---------------
To build inventory, you have to have Go and `$GOPATH` set up.

```bash
# fetch the code
go get github.com/mbertschler/inventory

# vendor dependencies
dep ensure

# build the command
go install github.com/mbertschler/inventory

# run it with the path to the parts database
inventory ./inventory.db
```
Once the inventory is running, visit http://localhost:5080.

License
-------
Apache 2.0 with Commons Clause - see [LICENSE](LICENSE)

--------------

Created by `@mbertschler` and `@christoph1703` in 2018.

Commit message:

first commit after 3 years 🎉 - update to go modules - make everything build again - use up-to-date dependencies - embed static files

README.md, after:

# Inventory management tool

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/mbertschler/inventory?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/mbertschler/inventory)
![status: alpha](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-alpha-red.svg)
[![GoDoc](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/mbertschler/inventory)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/mbertschler/inventory)

This tool was designed to simplify the production of electronic hardware. It is used for cataloging newly bought parts and for checking out parts that are used. This tool is already successfully in use, but should still be considered alpha.

## Features

- Mobile optimized web app
- Scans QR part codes with your phone for a quick workflow
  - create new items
  - look up part infos
  - check out parts
- Filter through your parts catalog
- Stores data in a single database file with [bbolt](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt)

## Screenshots

<img alt="inventory overview" src="https://mbertschler.com/github/inventory/overview.png" width="480"/><img alt="part detail" src="https://mbertschler.com/github/inventory/detail.png" width="380"/>

## Install

```bash
go install github.com/mbertschler/inventory@latest
```

## Run

Provide the path to your database file. It will be created if it doesn't exist.

```bash
inventory ./inventory.db
```

Once inventory is running, visit http://localhost:5080.

## License

Apache 2.0 with Commons Clause - see [LICENSE](LICENSE)

---

Created by [mbertschler](https://github.com/mbertschler) and [typerat](https://github.com/typerat) in 2018.
